Add Goals and Motivation section into README (#97)
fortran-lang/stdlib: README.md

# Fortran Standard Library

## Goals and Motivation

The Fortran Standard, as published by the ISO (https://wg5-fortran.org/), does
not have a Standard Library. The goal of this project is to provide a community
driven and agreed upon *de facto* "standard" library for Fortran, called a
Fortran Standard Library (`stdlib`). We have a rigorous process how `stdlib` is
developed as documented in our [Workflow](WORKFLOW.md). `stdlib` is both a
specification and a reference implementation. We are cooperating with the
Fortran Standards Committee (e.g., the effort
[started](https://github.com/j3-fortran/fortran_proposals/issues/104) at the J3
committee repository) and the plan is to continue working with the Committee in
the future (such as in the step 5. in the [Workflow](WORKFLOW.md) document), so

> that if the Committee wants to standardize some feature from `stdlib`, it would

Author: This might be a better wording:
```suggestion
that if the Committee wants to standardize some feature already available in `stdlib`, it would
```
